[Autogenerated] you may already have some use cases in mind.
Maybe you've been tasked with creating machine learning solution at work,
which is awesome.
But here are a few other use cases.
M.
L is big and retail and e commerce, and you've definitely participated in it,
whether you know it or not,
things like product recommendations on Amazon targeted ads that you get
on various web page is chat support when you need help with something
and even things like visual product search.
Or you select something in a photo on Pinterest,
maybe perhaps a piece of furniture,
and then you can shop for it on a retail site in the field of transportation,
self driving cars are the obvious example where a car needs
to know what certain objects look like.
Street signs.
People at intersections ride sharing apps use machine learning to
set different prices for different times of day route optimization
for delivery drivers to find the quickest route to deliver your
package and being able to see what traffic is like along the route
that you're traveling for.
Security and cyber security.
Several things here,
including video surveillance where maybe you want to detect
that a patient has fallen in a nursing home.
For instance,
you've probably seen captures recently that asked you to select
photos that contains certain objects and captures using image
recognition to make sure you're right.
Machine learning is used to detect unusual activity or patterns that
might be a threat to the network or other infrastructure.
And then good old spam detection were based on the content of the message
and the metadata about the message you can classify.
The email is spam or not.
And then, finally, with smartphones, you might use some of these yourself today,
your voice assistants like Alexa or Siri.
Some people unlock their phones using facial recognition and then photo editing,
where your phone can automatically detect a person in a
photo and then blew out the background.
For instance, I could go on and on with examples.
But to bring this back to your day to day job and to our
Globomantics story from the last module,
you might be faced with a question similar to this we can use machine.
Learning for that right?
I know voice assistance and self driving cars are cool and all,
but maybe not something you're gonna be working on in your job.
So what are some ways that you can use machine learning?
Maybe it's to analyze sentiment on your social sites.
What's going on with your customers?
Are there any fires or damage control that you need to deal with right now?
How can you dynamically price your products to take
advantage of changes in demand?
How can you apps cell or cross sell your customers
using recommendations and offers?
Maybe you're working at a company like Globomantics.
You have a large call center,
and you want to automatically route calls or chats based
on some intake criteria or sentiment.
Again, like Globomantics,
maybe you have a customer churn problem that you're trying to address.
Or, if you're in information security,
how can you detect suspicious activity on the network?
Or maybe you have site content that needs to be
localized for sites around the world.
You can use machine learning to do that.
Translation For you.
Here are a few guidelines about when it makes sense
to use machine learning first,
when it's just too difficult to code the logic and the old fashioned way.
In that last list,
you might have noticed the use cases are generally things
that a human would have or could have done.
For instance, to analyze sentiment,
a human could spend their whole day reading through social media activity
and come up with a general conclusion about sentiment.
That would be a pretty hard thing to code the old fashioned way,
using if else or case statements,
those kinds of scenarios where it's just too difficult
to code so human did it in the past.
Those are good candidates for machine learning when it's
just not cost effective to do it manually,
maybe you need to translate thousands of pages of
content into 30 different languages.
That's going to require a lot of human translators and hours now,
you might not want to rely on a computer to
translate the content of your home page,
for instance, maybe leave that up to a human still.
But if you have thousands of articles in a knowledge base,
for instance, that have a much smaller audience machine,
learning might make sense for those next.
When you have a lot of training data available, that's a good fit for M l.
It's all about data, and the more the better.
Finally, when a business problem could be stated as an ML problem,
then it makes sense now.
I know it's a little bit circular,
but let's say your business problem is that your product teams
aren't collaborating or communicating well,
which is causing delays in your product releases.
Machine learning isn't really gonna help you there now,
when not to use machine learning kind of the flip side of what we just said.
But if you don't have sufficient data, it's not gonna work.
And quote unquote sufficient will vary depending on what you're trying to do.
But for instance,
if you're trying to predict sales for a novel product that you just released,
you probably don't have enough data to accomplish that.
When your data can't be labeled,
we'll talk more about what labeling is and the differences
between supervised and unsupervised learning.
But the point here is that you need to know what
your data is before you can use it.
Was this historical transaction fraud or not?
Did this customer churn or not, as they say, garbage in garbage out?
So you need to be able to make sense of the data before applying machine
learning to it if you need to get something out the door quickly.
Machine learning might not be your best bet.
It's generally more complex and traditional applications,
and it can take time to prepare your data,
train the model, test it, tune it and make sure it's working correctly.
You don't want to rush that process,
or the resulting predictions are going to be worthless.
And finally, when there's just no room for error similar to my last comment,
it could take time to tune your model and get it just right.
There might be bias in the data that wasn't obvious at first,
and you don't realize it until months later.
Or you could have what's called Drift or the model performs well for a period,
but then degrades.
An example is, maybe you're predicting house prices,
but the real estate market changes over time,
either up or down, so your predictions might become less accurate.
If you have a mission critical application that can't tolerate errors. Machine learning is not the way to go